fix product names to align with AWS standard product names (#20056)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/architecture/preventing_data_loss.md

#### Which strategy is best?

> If durability is the most important criteria, use the direct archiving method because it addresses data loss scenarios. Use the failed event routing method, also commonly referred to as a data lake, if you prefer to analyze data in your archive. It has the advantage of using your archive/data lake for long-term analysis. Datadog [Log Archives][1] andAmazon Athena are examples of archive storage solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If durability is the most important criteria, use the direct archiving method because it addresses data loss scenarios. Use the failed event routing method, also commonly referred to as a data lake, if you prefer to analyze data in your archive. It has the advantage of using your archive/data lake for long-term analysis. Datadog [Log Archives][1] and Amazon Athena are examples of archive storage solutions.
```
